Improve timesync (translation of sensor scan data timestamps into ROS timestamps) (#36)
PepperlFuchs/pf_lidar_ros2_driver: docs/timesync.md

## Time synchronization

The timestamps in scan data are read from a clock in the sensor, independent of
ROS time. For output of scan data as ROS topics, the timestamps need to be
converted into ROS timestamps.

The information required for this conversion can be gathered from different
sources, described in the following sections.  Used regularly, their results
can be fed into a common algorithm to compute and update sensor time versus ROS
time offset and linearity error.

### Scan data packet evaluation time

The sensor timestamp of the packets received from the sensor can be related to the
ROS time when the packets are evaluated.

At that time of evaluation, an unknown duration has passed since physical reception.

Several delays have to be taken into account:

>  - the timestamp in the packet describes the time when the first included measurement

Reviewer: Suggestion from Julian:
```suggestion
 - the timestamp in the packet describes the time when first scan point in this packet was made
```

help to improve the accuracy of the offset that has been determined with other
methods.  The ROS driver might get support for this in the future, e.g. with
sensor output connected to a GPIO or serial (RS232) control line input, but
currently this is not possible.

## Usage

Select a method to compute a ROS timestamp from sensor timestamp by setting
`timesync_method` to one of the following values (defaults to 'average' if not set):

 - `off` (sensor time is converted without adding any offset, not conformant to `msgs/LaserScan` spec)
 - `simple` (ROS timestamp is set to packet evalution ROS time minus packet duration)
 - `average` (ROS timestamp is set to sensor timestamp plus offset to ROS time, computed from packet evaluation times)
 - `requests` (ROS timestamp is set to sensor timestamp plus offset to ROS time, determined with HTTP requests to sensor)

The node parameter `timesync_interval` determines the interval (in milliseconds)
between requests made for sensor time if `timesync_method` is `requests`.

The parameter `timesync_period` (in milliseconds) determines the period of time
over which data is recorded for averaging.

> Additionally, `timestamp_offset_usec` allows to specify a fixed duration (in microseconds)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, `timesync_offset_usec` allows to specify a fixed duration (in microseconds)
```
